Proudest moments.
As you look back.
There have been a couple and they're equal.
When I watched
One of the students that had graduated from A&M, that I had taught, become president of the state organization, awarded a high AVMA award, elected to AVMA executive board, something like that, where somebody
that I was a little tiny part of their life succeeded in some grand and glowing acknowledgement.
It was like that was probably the warmest, proudest thing you could see.
Okay, now on the comedy side, goofiest or funniest or most incredible.
Such a good time all the time, it's hard.
So, for example, I had a student in History 105 one year, and this was the first meeting of the third week of the class.
And I said, before I began, are there any questions?
He said,
Is this physics 201?
I said, no.
He folded up his notes and he said, I thought so.
He had been there for six class weeks.
I figured it out.
Nothing?
I can't think of one funny one.
Students would always be doing stuff in the gross anatomy lab, so I guess walking into the lab and there's somebody sitting on one of the mounted horses that's being hung and that kind of stuff.
I would say when I think of most disappointing, catching students cheating in class.
How often?
I have probably the record.
No, but... I'm serious.
Would that be once... I have... I can think of four separate instances right off the top of my head.
But you're saying four in 30 years.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, no, it isn't running rampant.
And I guess that's probably why it stands out, because most of these students really are working very hard to do a good job.
And I can remember one where a student came and reported it to me.
And they said, well, we don't want to mention any names.
And I said, you tell me so I can get you out of the loop and I can be the one to find out so I could get the pressure off that student.
And I was able to nail them on the next exam.
Were the situations handled appropriately?
Yeah, yeah.
You know, it's one of those things.
I loved the old days because, man, if I caught them, I'd slam them and embarrass the heck out of them right then and there and get them out.
And you didn't have to go through all the red tape.
And I didn't have to worry about anything else.
And nowadays, even if you prove it within, I mean, to the hilt, and you can show.
they still give the benefit to the student.
And I'm sorry, but that wasn't the way I was raised.
And I've got to deal with a narcotics license, and I don't want that sucker out there with a narcotics license, too.
I agree with you.
Two questions left.
First of those two is somebody walks up to you and hands you a check for a million dollars with one requirement.
You must pass it on to Texas A&M, but you get to decide what A&M is to do with the million dollars.
Oh, that's easy.
What?
That's the easiest question in the whole world.
We're going to establish a chair in animal behavior.
I'm going to get that sucker as a permanent part of this college.
Okay.
Last question.
What feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M today?
I love Texas A&M.
I absolutely love Texas A&M.
I am an Aggie.
I don't quite bleed maroon, although Minnesota was maroon and gold, so it's part of me.
But when I realized the importance that A&M has always had for the student, based on muster,
That's it.